README.md, before:

# What I gained from building this project

🔵 LITERRALY, this project is the single place I bundled EVERY SINGLE KNOWLEDGE I GAINNED about React into ONCE PLACE.

🔵 Professional large frontend application planning.

From gather business requirements, frontend architecture, thinking about the data flow through the entire application

and then Break the application into categories of features.

Choosing suitable Technology Stack for high quality frontend development.

🔵 Relational Data modeling with Supabase

🔵 Building large React application with best libraries in React Ecosystem

🔵 Managing Remote Server state in application with React Query, there's no Redux in this application

🔵 Managing Complext Form validation with React Hook Form.

🔵 Write highly reusable React Functional Component, with custom styling by leveraging `styled-component`

🔵 This application built with `Performance and Accessibility` in mind.

🔵 Applied Advanced React Patterns likes Custom Hooks, High Order Component (HOC), Render Props, Compound components.

Commit message:

feat: table body with render props pattern

README.md, after:

# What I gained from building this project

🔵 LITERRALY, this project is the single place I bundled EVERY SINGLE KNOWLEDGE I GAINNED about React into ONCE PLACE.

🔵 Professional large frontend application planning.

From gather business requirements, frontend architecture, thinking about the data flow through the entire application

and then Break the application into categories of features.

Choosing suitable Technology Stack for high quality frontend development.

🔵 Relational Data modeling with Supabase

🔵 Building large React application with best libraries in React Ecosystem

🔵 Managing Remote Server state in application with React Query, there's no Redux in this application

🔵 Managing Complext Form validation with React Hook Form.

🔵 Write highly reusable React Functional Component, with custom styling by leveraging `styled-component`

Examples: Reusable Modal Component, Confirm Component, and Table Component with custom styling, and Compount Pattern.

🔵 This application built with `Performance and Accessibility` in mind.

🔵 Applied Advanced React Patterns likes Custom Hooks, High Order Component (HOC), Render Props, Compound components.
